# Thrider
The Thrider is an ‘on demand e-rickshaw and door to delivery application’ software. People are reluctant to get out of their hostel rooms as they are already preoccupied with all the college work and moreover the weather most of the time isn’t ideal from going anywhere in the university just to get an item from a shop or from a friend. Apart from this, getting an e-rickshaw on campus right on time which requires vacant slots is difficult as it's completely on the basis of luck of the user. This portal provides a platform in the form of an application to everyone present on the campus. The users can sign up at the application. After logging in the users would see two broad options of either scheduling a door to door delivery or if they want any e-rickshaw on demand. Based on the result of the selected option, the user will be asked to enter all the relevant details. These details would be sent to all the e-rickshaw drivers in the nearby proximity and if anyone accepts the job then the user will be provided with relevant tracking details. To make the whole process secure, authentication would be required for both the e-rickshaw drivers and the users while logging in the application.
The e-rickshaw drivers across the campus can register themselves on our application specifying the necessary details. Once logged in then each driver will receive notifications regarding nearby rides and jobs. After going through the details, it's up to the driver if he/she wants to take up the job. This will help overcome the challenge of increased drop of passengers during weekends and during off hours as the application will allow e-rickshaw drivers to take up door to door delivery jobs also.
